Alerting: Add state_periodic_save_batch_size config option (#98019)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/set-up/performance-limitations/index.md

to be enabled. By default, it saves the states every 5 minutes to the database and on each shutdown. The periodic interval
can also be configured using the `state_periodic_save_interval` configuration flag.

> When periodic saving is enabled, each `state_periodic_save_interval` Grafana deletes all existing alert instances from the

Reviewer: not sure what the first sentence , each state periodic save interval Grafana means?

Author: I updated the doc, could you have another look, please?

database and then writes the entire current set of instances back in batches in a single transacton.

> The size of each batch can be configured using the `state_periodic_save_batch_size` configuration option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the size of each batch using the `state_periodic_save_batch_size` configuration option.
```

Reviewer: (we try not to use passive)
